Wrapping vtkCell (#3715)
pyvista/pyvista: doc/api/core/cells.rst

Cells
-----

The cell :class:`pyvista.Cell` class is the PyVista representation of the

> `vtkGenericCell <https://vtk.org/doc/nightly/html/classvtkGenericCell.html>`_ and can be used to inspect a dataset's cells, faces, and edges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vtkGenericCell <https://vtk.org/doc/nightly/html/classvtkGenericCell.html>`_ and can be used to inspect a :class:`pyvista.DataSet`'s cells, faces, and edges.
```

.. note::
   While methods and classes are quite effective at inspecting and plotting

>    parts of a dataset, they are quite inefficient and should be used only for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   parts of a dataset, they are inefficient and should be used only for
```

   interactive exploration and debugging. When working with larger datasets or
   working with multiple cells it is generally more efficient to use bulk methods

>    like :func:`pyvista.DataSet.extact_cells`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   like :func:`pyvista.DataSet.extact_cells`, :attr:`pyvista.pyvista.PolyData.faces`
   or :attr:`pyvista.UnstructuredGrid.cells`.
```
